My favorite flavor to add as coffee to hot milk. Makes everyday coffee special.They non-sugared type, is also delicious.Mixes well.No after taste.Tastes Rich.Fine powder.Doesn’t stain cups.I have to have it in my house.
I tried this as an ingredient in Breakfast Muffin & Cake Mix.and it helped make the muffin have a chocolaty taste which was a nice treat
Great stuff. This flavour is new .I buy this flavour and will take whenever I travel.
Don't believe the packaging picture on this. This is too expensive but the taste is so awful it can make you puke
I think the product is over priced. I enjoy the Coffee Mate flavors, but there wasn’t that much difference in the chocolate flavor than the regular ones.
I didn't taste chocolate at all. Would not buy.
Meh, it's not my favorite. Nothing wrong with it, it wasn't expired, and didn't taste bad. I just didn't like the flavor.
It was OK it kind of left a funny taste in your mouth afterwards
A bit on the sweet side for me !
I'm not much of a coffee drinker but did remember that I like chocolate in it but allergic to dairy & this worked just fine, tho didn't go on my stomach well, so not drinking it any more 
Too sweet 
great combination with Hot milk 
Takes a LOT of creamer before coffee has any mocha tasteHas a similar taste to mocha 
I love the flavor.Definately going to purchase it 
Excellent coffee
The packaging is horrid . It breaks even before reaching home 
it is close enough to satisfy my chocolate craving
It is fresh, mixes creamy and tastes great. I do use more than 1 tsp. More like a giant tablespoon.But I get the flavor i want
Pleasant Surprise. Delicious
Makes coffee taste like cocoa.
Great product, no sugar, tastes fabulous.I love my coffee, but always want creamer with it. This satisfies my need
Fake sweetener taste. Dont like it at all 
Looks different from the photo i saw online and when i actually try it 
Not impressed at all . I wanted sugar free coffee creamer with flavor to it and while this is sugar free I feel that I have to use way more than the serving size - more like 2-3 servings at least to even get any flavor in my coffee.
Perfect for my morning coffee
Expensive for no flavor
Dont buy. I can only assume this is a formula/product change by the manufacturer. It is gross. It beads up on the top of my coffee and never quite mixes in. 
Never stop stirring, that's the trick. Stir and drink, stir and drink.
Feels like hot chocolate mix and less like Coffee 
its okay. not the best coffee i have had but also not the worst 
I like this as a brand because i know thier flavour 
Heartburn.his flavor gives me reflux for some reason.I use 1 tablespoon of this per cup of coffee 
Taste is great, but will NOT dissolve in cold milk.
so so
Smells great, but taste to me was not something i overly enjoyed. Wasnt bad, just not great.
This has been my favorite coffee lately. I haven't had to add milk or cream to my coffee .Yes I know it's sugar free hence this makes the perfect cup of mocha flavored coffee!
Great flavor, very hard to blend with anything that isn't super hot
This transforms coffee into hot cocoa, if that's what you want. Totally hides any coffee taste.
It is good.I keep some small packs for the guests 
good tasting. But too expensive . 
The pack is not nice esp for the price . But the taste is good 
This isn't like the orginal.it's a concentrate. Big difference!!!!
Yum yum Yum
Wasted before I even got to use it.the packaging is not good . Did the makers ever check how will it be used by the end customer ? 
Price increase is tooooooooooooooooooo much 
4 stars for such a good coffee . I love it that it suddenly wakes me up with just one sip 
Tasty . Goes item to have in the fridge for the sudden craving of Chocolate or coffee 
Disappointed in the company
Excellent creamer, works out to be economical and convenient. 
Such less calaries . WOW WOW WOW
Arrived leaking inside box! Poor pump design. Disappointed
So happy to have tried this!
Yuck When I tried it, the product came out like thick syrup and tasted spoiled
Delicious! Tastes like a mocha coffee! Only downside is that it can be a little clumpy and sometimes you have to stir a LOT, or just scoop out the clumps.
Awesome coffee.I love the smell of this and hope that the taste never changes!
Tasty and well packaged, Arrive quickly.It was simply easier to remove the Pour out a tablespoon or two and then put the cap on. Less messy as well.Pretty pricey . But good overall 
With this product you can say goodbye to adding sugar to your coffee :)
Super fantastatic.This is great stuff
This product was given with shrink wrap around the bottle but no protective seal under the lid, which made me nervous . Will it come in a similar way when i buy ?
We always buy this product but they have changed its look. But that's not all it changed. the taste is rubbish .I'm very disappointed in the tricking to customers by making it look similar to the previous product 
Looks okay . Tastes okay . but price is too much 
The way it blended in my hot milk was so amazing to watch . amazing consitency . Just like coloured milk 
Chocolate flavor is good . I only liked it for ice coffee
Not suiting my taste buds 
Ridiculous. who gave okay after tasting this product . Dont they have tasters on duty ?
I like it. It was worth the purchase
You won't even miss the sugar !!Its creamy chocolate flavor makes it worth the money !! It's so delicious!!
Tasty but a little chalky
4 stars i am giving you 
Pretty good: tastes like instant cocoa mix. The Vanilla version is better, in my opinion, but there;s nothing wrong with the chocolate one.
Great !
Make it cheaper make it cheaper make it cheaper 
It's ok for what it is.Wish it had a stronger chocolate taste. It's pretty weak, even using more than it recommends per serving.
My indulgence.Once in a while, I enjoy a sweet treat, as a diabetic, my options are limited. This is nice to have in the evening. I consider it my desert.